Clarify request bypassing documentation (#380)
AikidoSec/firewall-ruby: docs/request-bypassing.md

# Bypass Zen for a specific request

> Call `Aikido::Zen.request_bypassed!` from a Rack middleware to bypass this request. A bypassed request is fully excluded from Zen inspection and enforcement: Zen will not analyze the request, generate findings, or apply blocking rules for that traffic. Your application handles the request normally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call `Aikido::Zen.request_bypassed!` from a Rack middleware to bypass Zen for this request. A bypassed request is fully excluded from Zen inspection and enforcement: Zen will not analyze the request, generate findings, or apply blocking rules for that traffic. Your application handles the request normally.
```

> [!NOTE]
> Zen's built-in [Bypassed IPs](https://help.aikido.dev/zen-firewall/zen-features/bypassed-ips) feature uses request bypassing internally, triggered by a matching IP/CIDR. `Aikido::Zen.request_bypassed!` lets you bypass requests using your custom logic.

## What gets bypassed

> * **Attack protection** — SQL injection, path traversal, command injection, and SSRF attacks are not detected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Attack protection** — SQL injection, path traversal, command injection, and SSRF attacks are not blocked or reported
```
